#summary Application UI control with enhanced capabilities

The Application object is based on the `appuifw.Application` object and provides all its methods and properties. It is also a singleton with its only instance available in `appuifw2.app` variable (similarly to `appuifw.app` variable).

This means that you can use the `appuifw2.app` object in exactly the same way as you used the `appuifw.app` one. Look into the !PyS60 documentation for explanation of inherited functions.

Additional and changed properties are listed below.

{{{
menu
}}}

Already known from appuifw module. In appuifw2 it can also be set to a [Menu] object or `None` (to disable the menu, same as `[]`).

{{{
init_menu_handler
}}}

If set to a callable, it is called shortly before the Options menu is opened. The callable can then modify or replace the menu (using the `menu` property). The display is already prepared for the menu when the callback is called. If you don't need a menu and want the Menu key to trigger a different action, use the `menu_key_handler` property instead.

If this property is not used, it is set to `None`.

{{{
menu_key_handler
}}}

If set to a callable, it is called when the Menu key is pressed. Use this property if you don't need a menu and want the Menu key to trigger a different action. In such case, set the `menu` property to `None` or `[]`. If you want to modify the menu shortly before it is opened, use the `init_menu_handler` property instead.

If this property is not used, it is set to `None`.

{{{
menu_key_text
}}}

Contains the text (unicode) shown above the left command key (defaults to `u'Options'` in English locale).

{{{
exit_key_text
}}}

Contains the text (unicode) shown above the right command key (defaults to `u'Exit'` in English locale).

{{{
navi_text
}}}

Contains the text (unicode) shown in the navi pane (where the tabs or editor indicators are normally shown). The text is only visible when the area is not occupied by other controls.

{{{
left_navi_arrow
}}}

Enables (`True`) or disables (`False`) the display of the left arrow in the navi pane (where the tabs or editor indicators are normally shown). The arrow is only visible when the area is not occupied by other controls. May be used together with `navi_text` property.

{{{
right_navi_arrow
}}}

Enables (`True`) or disables (`False`) the display of the right arrow in the navi pane (where the tabs or editor indicators are normally shown). The arrow is only visible when the area is not occupied by other controls. May be used together with `navi_text` property.

{{{
view
}}}

Contains the current application view object (an instance of [View] class or a class derived from it) or `None` (if no views are set). Can be set to a new view object to overlap the current one. When a view is closed, this property automatically regains the previous value.

See the [View] class description for more information about application views.